>> Steve Kinney: So QuerySnapshots hold
onto a number of QueryDocumentSnapshots,
which inherit from DocumentSnapshot,
that's a mouthful.
Let's talk about DocumentSnapshots
before we go on there, as well.
They have an id, that is the individual
id of that document, whether or
not it exists.
Cuz you could theoretically go to
a document id that does not exist,
in a database, and query for it.
It'll be empty, that might be useful for
making a new document.
So when we create new posts,
we're gonna be like, hey,
just assign me a new id, whatever,
just generate one for me.
But when we start storing user profiles
later, we have a user id, right,
we already know the id that we wanna use,
right?
So we might check in that point, to see,
hey, do I already have a profile for
this user that just logged in?
If so, I don't need to make one, right,
but if there's not one in there,
then I wanna make one, so
we'll use exists at one point today, too.
metadata and ref, remember,
we talked about before,
ref is the reference to
that spot in the database.
This is the data, we're looking for
the location in the database,
if we needed to go back and find that.
We'll also be using that towards
the end of this workshop, as well.
The methods are a little bit
more important, in this case.
data() will get you back all
of the fields on the object,
.get() will get you back
a single field on the object.
So if you say, .get first name, you
will get the first name property on that
object, should it exist, and
isEqual() is useful for comparisons.
All right, so
that was our taking our vegetables
with QuerySnapshots and DocumentSnapshots.
Let's go ahead and
play with this a little bit.